1 star amazon HDD review
3+ days after beginning a copy of my Time Machine backup (approx. 2 TB), it had yet to complete the copy. It was reading "2 hours remaining" when the copy ultimately failed. I restarted immediately, and here I am 7+ days after it all began and it's stating "2 days remaining."

Incidentally, this new drive was purchased to replace a different drive that was dropped from the rotation after it catastrophically failed losing all data. That drive was a Seagate.

3  star amazon HDD review (positive)
I ordered this Seagate Portable 1TB External Hard Drive HDD - USB 3.0, from Amazon Prime. The price was good and the drive came the same day. I connected the hard drive to our iMac 27", which recognized it with no problems.
What I did not like was the Seagate Mac registration software (also has the same for Windows) on the hard drive. I did not like that to be able to use the hard drive you have to register it and agree to their terms and conditions. I have owned many hard drive over the years (some made by Seagate) and this is the first one that tried to force me to register it, and wanted me to agree to their terms before I could use it.
I used the Mac Disk Utility to erase the Seagate portable hard drive and then I used First Aid to repair it, I can now use it like I have used every other hard drive I have ever owned.
I have also recently purchased a 1-TB Seagate external SSD hard drive and it did not try to force me to register it to be able to use it.
I do not mind registering my hard drives, but I do not like being forced to do it, and I really do not like being forced to agree to their terms! I am purchasing a BLANK storage hard drive not software. If this is what Seagate is going to start doing on all it's hard drives, I will start buying other brands, there are plenty of excellent hard drives out there to choose from.

5 star positive

An absolute great purchase! Small and fits in my hand and it doesn’t get in the way! I love that I can buy/download as many PS4 games as my heart desires and it’ll be a long while before the space is filled up!

Edit 7/21/21: I just wanted to come back and give an update. I just upgraded from PlayStation 4 to PlayStation 5. The process was made a whole heck of a lot faster and smoother thanks to this little miracle. I successfully moved over 70 games with absolutely NO problems! Once this one is filled up (which will still be a while) I’ll not hesitate to order another! I still have about a terabyte worth of space left.